{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c78039;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This project is a continuation of my Automated Blinds V1 project where I repackaged the functionality into a more universal interface.  My previous design only worked with a specific IKEA blind and mounted directly to the winding core.\
\
This new design works with any type of chain roller blind but retains all the same features any functionality: quiet actuation, discrete position control, voice activation through HomeKit integration.\
\
The units are still hardwired into a central computer that manages the server connection and motor control.\
\
I use these everyday to help me sleep.  They automatically close when it\'92s time for bed to block out light pollution from the street.  At 6am they silently rise, allowing me to wake up naturally with the sun.  A no comprimise solution.\
\
All the board designs are unchanged.  Only minor modifications to the original code in the V1 project were made to adjust to the new gear ratios.  In the future, I\'92d like to design a bespoke PCBA to allow each unit to connect and manage its own movement without needing to be wired into a central computer.  I may also look to cost optimize the assembly by removing the shafts and bearings, and integrating features into the printed components that would act as plastic bearing surfaces.\
\
The design consists of a pancake stepper motor driving the blinds through a set of gears that increase the overall torque output of the device.  A magnetic cover hides the motor and allows for sufficient airspace for cooling.  The chain is driven by a custom drive interface that captures and pulls the individual chain balls.}