{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c78039;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I found a non-functioning Sony 8FC-69WA in a Connecticut thrift store.  I\'92ve always loved the aesthetic and mechanisms in split flap clock displays so I removed the clock module and rebuilt it into one of my own.\
\
The teardown of the old clock was fascinating.  It is unbelievable to me that a design like this was made at scale and made available so cheap.  The density of components and complexity of design was well beyond what I could imagine was inside.\
The clock uses a synchronous motor to keep time, using the 60Hz frequency of the incoming AC to spin at a constant rate.  Despite my best efforts to repair it, the motor was dead, and no replacements were available online.\
\
Without the original motor available, I designed a new interface for a spare stepper motor I had.  I 3d printed the components and wired together a protoboard.  The clock logic is run on an Arduino Nano and uses a quartz breakout module to keep accurate timing.\
\
The timekeeping module was new to me in concept and practice.  After hours of debugging why the clock couldn\'92t keep time over 24 hours, I learned the hard way about how poor computers are at absolute timing.  Just as fascinating was going a little deeper into the meaning of \'91quartz\'92 in time keeping.  An extremely repeatable and precise frequency can be measured from the vibration of quartz crystal when a known electric current passes through it, keeping accurate time.\
\
I also needed to implement a finicky error correction procedure because the 28BYJ-48 stepper motor I used has 2048 steps/revolution.  Annoyingly, this didn\'92t divide evenly in into the 10 minutes per revolution of the clock driven gear (ending up with 204.8 steps/min).  205 steps/min ends up gaining a few minutes per week, and so every 5 minutes, a small step correction is made to make up for the accumulated 1 step (0.2*5) of error.\
\
Once the code electronics were finalized, I enjoyed the raw design in the bare assembly and opted to not cover it with an outer case.  The clock is a reliable timekeeper in my apartment to this day.}